#Mimo

The mimo partials refer to each specialized mimo module available within Mimogear.

##Drawer

There are three mixins available within the drawer partial as well as default styles for the drawer and respective drawer trigger. By default the drawer will be shifted 20% of itself to the left. The following example will demonstrate the use of the reset drawer mixins in order to display drawer content on larger screens in its original stacking order.

**Postcss**

```postcss
.drawer {
  /* styles */

  @media $aldnoah {
    @mixin reset-drawer;
  }

}
```

##Grid

The grid partial contains styles generated by the [Postcss-simple-grid](https://github.com/iamfrntdv/postcss-simple-grid) module. The following example will create classes with widths for 12 columns within the gamagori breakpoint column with markup to match these new classes.

**Postcss**

```postcss
@mixin media $gamagori {

  .column-gamagori {
    create-grid: 12;
  }

}
```

**CSS Output**

```css
@media screen and (min-width: 1200px) {

  .column-gamagori-1 {
    width: 8.33333%;
  }

  /* ...generated rules for columns 2-11... */

  .column-gamagori-12 {
    width: 100%;
  }

}
```

**Pug**

```pug
.grid
  .column.column-gamagori-4
    p Grid column content
  .column.column-gamagori-8
    p Grid column content
```

##Harmonica

The harmonica partial styles the ordering of active content within an accordion/harmonica. The $accordion-to-harmonica variable dictates when the accordion on smaller screens becomes a harmonica on larger screens. If harmonicas are not need but accordions are, delete the media queries within the harmonica partial.

##Lantern

The lantern partial styles the lightbox, dictates recommended controller positions, and makes sure that images will fit properly within the viewport. It's possible to show the caption of an image by accessing the title attribute of the lantern-content. The following example uses &:after to extract the title from lantern-content.

```postcss
.lantern-content {
  /* styles */

  &:after {
    content: attr(title);
  }

}
```

##Mimo Theme

The mimo-theme styles the main index page that is shown by default. This theme is safe to delete during production. There are some useful examples in the mimo-theme of mixins, functions, and common ways to style mimo modules if you're up for some exploration!

##Sail

The sail partial contains styles that animate slides and help dictate mouse interaction. Make sure to style the previous control, next control, and pagination if they are in use.
